Prompt: If I create a new element for my html page in a javascript file, then I add an event listener to that element, what happens to the event listener if I empty out part of the html file that contains the element it's assigned to? Do I need to delete it somehow? Does that event listener come back into play if I recreate an element with that same element id?
Result: I gained knowledge.

Prompt: Hey Copilot. I'm working on a website with bootstrap, and I want to make css style classes that work for different sized screens. I want to make classes that behave like bootstraps col-md-12 or d-sm-block, where they have size elements. Is there a css property that I can set in my style classes to give them this sizing behavior?
Result: Copilot showed me how to make dynamic classes with @media, and I copied the template for my class.
Follow-up: Is there a way I can specifically reference bootstrap screen sizes?
Result: Copilot showed me all of the pixel values for bootstrap screen sizes that I then used in my CSS.

Prompt: Hey Copilot. I have a question for you. I am building a website with bootstrap, and I have a div that is using the bootstrap d-none and d-md-block classes for responsiveness. What I want is for a button to reveal it if the screen is smaller than the bootstrap md size. So I have a button that calls the JQuery slidDown() method on this element when the screen is smaller than md. It's not working though. Could this have to do with th e bootrstrap classes I'm using? Any other ideas? 
Follow-up: If it wont work with display: none;, how am I supposed to make then element go from being unseen to being seen?
Result: I didn't use anything from this

Prompt: Hey Copilot. I have my #divMenuPanel element in this website I am creating, and I need some help with it. What I want is for it to always show when the screen size is above medium (i.e. d-md-block class). But when the screen gets smaller I want to to hide unless the #divHambuger element is clicked, at which point I'd like it to slide down. I have that much working. The problem is that the hamburger calls slideToggle(), so when I click it to slide it back up, that's fine, but then if I make the screen size larger, it is still hidden. I'd like it to always show on the larger size no matter how it's toggled on the smaller size. Can you help with this? 
Result: It showed me how to use JS to deal with resizing using an on resize event listener. That was my main takeaway.

Prompt: Can you please write me a sweet alert here that accepts 2 values. They should be called project name (short text) and project description (long text) and then on confirm, another sweet alert fires saying "Project created"?
Result: Copilot crafted the Sweet Alert for me In-line.

Prompt: Hey Copilot! This sweet alert is firing on the front end and it seems like the page is reloading after. Even though this is the error message, it seems like at least from the backend that there are no problems. Is this because the way I am referencing the response status is incorrect? Or is it something else?
Result: It showed me that I need to reference the status before I get the response json. I used this information to re-write part of it.

Prompt: Hey Copilot! It seems like this sweet alert is firing, and then the website is reloading so I can never see what happens. I don't know why the website does this, if its reloading or if it's crashing, but I don't want it to do that. Can you help?
Result: I added a .then() to my Swal.fire but it didn't help
Follow-up: Hey Copilot! Can you help me with my event listener for my plus button? This button creates a new project. The problem is in projects.js. Inisde of the the .then for the fetch function on line 94 is the problem. My backend code indicates that the post is successful but then when that happens my whole website just resets to the landing page before I can see any sweet alerts. It's either crashing or something is making it reload for some reason. And idea why?
Result: It told me to use event.preventDefault() which didn't help at all, amongst other things.
Follow-up: That doesn't seem to be helping. Can you take another look at the code? I think that it's crashing for some reson, maybe not reloading per say. Any other ideas?
Result: Nothing that appeared to be helpful.
Follow-up: Hmm, I think I've pinpointed the problem. For whatever reason, the page seems to be reloading after the confirm button is hit for the sweet alert that is defined on line 72 of the current file projects.js. Any ideas why this could be happening?

Prompt: Can you write a query for me to delete a column called start_date from a table called tblSurveys in my sqlite3 database?
Result: Copilot wrote a SQL command for me to execute that I ran to edit my table.

Prompt: Hey Copilot, I want to add a name field to the form builder so that here I have a name for the survey to send to the backend. Could you add that field to the survey builder page and make it so that it starts saying "Untitled survey" and you can edit it by clicking on it?
Result: I used the incline chat and Copilot didn't really do what I wanted

Prompt: I have a git question. If I made changes to my codebase in the main base that I haven't commited, can you tell me how to create a new branch and commit them to that branch?
Result: It told me to make my new branch and check it out then add and commit. This worked fine.

Prompt: Can you help me be able to write code in the .then() method that only executes when the user presses submit and not cancel?
Result: Copilot wrote an if statement for me that referenced the response.isConfirmed attribute of Sweet Alert responses.

Prompt: Can you make it so that this sweet alert date field is required in order to hit submit?
Result: Copilot added a parameter to the Sweet Alert fire statement to make the input required

Prompt: is there some way I could make it so that the date on this Sweet Alert input field is required to be a date in the future? (It won't let the user select dates in the past)
Result: Copilot added code that gets today's date and makes it the minimum for the sweet alert input
